[APM] .NET 6 is supported for functions (#13626)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/azure_app_services.md

    - Azure App Service Web Apps
    - Function Apps hosted on Basic, Standard, Premium, or Isolated App Service plans. 

>     <div class="alert alert-warning">Support for .NET Function Apps is in beta for extension v2.2+. Function Apps on consumption plans are not supported. Out-of-process (aka Isolated) functions do not yet support Distributed Tracing either. There are no billing implications for tracing functions during this period.<br/><br/>Interested in support for other App Service resource types or runtimes? <a href="https://forms.gle/n4nQcxEyLqDBMCDA7">Sign up</a> to be notified when a beta becomes available.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <div class="alert alert-warning">Support for .NET Function Apps is in beta for extension v2.2+. Function Apps on consumption plans are not supported. Out-of-process (also known as Isolated) functions do not yet support Distributed Tracing either. There are no billing implications for tracing functions during this period.<br/><br/>Interested in support for other App Service resource types or runtimes? <a href="https://forms.gle/n4nQcxEyLqDBMCDA7">Sign up</a> to be notified when a beta becomes available.</div>
```
